# Project2
This project is for creating a slightly modified version of the Hangman game. There are two parts to the project. One is the implementation of the Hangman game, another is implementation to decode the guessed word.
## PartI: Implementation of the Hangman game
The system will randomly choose a word from one ten words set: [“WHDSPQZ”, “XHO”, “TTDBFRT”, “QQJYF”, “ENQD”, “DNPK”, “CNTR”, “EHWHOD”, “TSVMOHOF”, “XNOCFQGTM”], and give the user 10 times/lives to guess the letters in the word. The user will minus one lives if he guesses one time wrong. His lives will not decrease if he guesses correct and guesses one letter he already has guessed. The system will show the lives have left, the letters the user have guessed, the information about guessing a letter already in the used_letters set and the letter not in the word, and the situation for the current word (if guess the correct letter, show the letter in the right place, and use “-“ to show the letters have not been guessed correctly. The system will keep asking the user to guess if he has lives left and there still has a letter that has not been guessed. When he uses out all the lives and still has not guessed all the letters in the word, then he will die and cannot get the decoded message. Otherwise, he can get the decoded message through decrypt() function.
## PartII: Implementation to decode the guessed word
The decrypt() function takes the guessed word as the parameter and does the process of converting the guessed word to the plaintext (decode the message) when the user guesses the word correctly, and return the plaintext. For the logic of the decryption please see the flowchart.
